# Data Science and Machine Learning Portfolio
Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed for academic, self learning, and professional purposes. Presented in the form of Jupyter Notebooks.

Tools
  - **Python**: NumPy, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib
  - **Machine Learning**: scikit-learn, TensorFlow, keras

## Contents
- ## Machine Learning
    - [Convolution Neural Network - Digit Recognizer]: Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using data generated by concatenating images from MNIST (Recognizes a digit based on an image).
    - [K-Nearest Neighbors - Social Network Ads Dataset]: Using K-NN on customers that bought a SUV from a social network ad.
    - 
     - [Monte Carlo Model - Cryptocurrency]: Using a probabilistic model on cryptocurrency to find an approximate solution to a numerical problem that would be difficult to solve by other methods.
     - [Machine Learning Regression - Financial Market: Importing from quandl (financial and economical data) to create a simple regression.
    
- ## Data Analysis and Visualization (Python Programming)
    - [Cryptocurrency Market Analysis]: Based off my stock market analysis of tech stocks. Change in price over time, daily returns, and behaviour prediction.
    - 
    - [Stock Market Analysis of Tech Stocks]: Analysis of technology stocks including change in price over time, daily returns, and stock behaviour prediction.
    - 
    - [Exploratory Data Analysis - Titanic Passenger Information]: Simple analysis of passengers on board the Titanic answering common questions with visualizations. 
    - [Exploratory Data Analysis - House Prices]: Simple analysis of house prices including quick visualizations with correlation plots and heat maps.


     - [Simple Linear Regression]: Small playground to summarize and study relationships between two continuous variables from a randomized dataset.
 

     
- ## Minor Projects
    - [Personal Notes on Natural Language Processing Toolkit](https://github.com/melvfnz/data_science_portfolio/blob/master/Natural%20Language%20Processing%20Personal%20Notes.ipynb)
    - [Intro to BigQuery](https://github.com/melvfnz/data_science_portfolio/blob/master/Intro%20to%20BigQuery%20.ipynb)
    - [Breast Cancer Analysis](https://github.com/melvfnz/data_science_portfolio/blob/master/Breast%20Cancer%20Analysis.ipynb)

If you enjoyed what you saw, want to have a chat with me about the portfolio, work opportunities, or collaboration, feel free to contact me on:
    - [LinkedIn]https://www.linkedin.com/in/saqib-iqbal-a32bb3267/
    - [Twitter] https://twitter.com/saqib77782871
  

